And even with his little sister
I don't have the guts at all
You designed this square too.
As expected of my little Thor woman
We agreed on fair competition.
When did you become your woman?
Oh oh oh
This is every relationship
I'll go back to my room and rest.
This screen has obviously been moved.
Is it the Overseer who wants to kill him?
It's too easy for the Overseer to want to kill
There's no need to sneak around
That is, the people around him want to kill him
Why was my death brought forward?
Who is going to kill me?
I have clearly asked An Hongze and Lei Fan to establish
Uprising Becomes Brothers
But why did my death come sooner?